<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
  <title>贊助</title>
</head>

<body>
  <hr />
  <p><a href="http://www.cbeta.org/donation"><b>CBETA 贊助資訊 (http://www.cbeta.org/donation)</b></a></p>
  <p>您的捐款本協會皆會開立收據，此收據可在年度中申報個人或企業的綜合所得稅減免。感恩諸位大德的善心善行，以及您為佛典電子化所做的一切貢獻。 </p>
  <hr />
  <p><b>信用卡 單次 ／ 定期定額 捐款</b></p>
  <p>本授權書可提供單次捐款或定期定額捐款之用途。 <br />
  請於下載並填妥捐款授權書後，請傳真至 02-2893-0043 ，並請來電 02-2893-2133 確認。 <br />
  或掛號寄至 11246 台北市北投區光明路 276 號 4 樓 財團法人西蓮教育基金會收。 </p>
  <p>請在此下載 <a href="http://www.cbeta.org/donation/creditcard_doc.zip">授權書 </a>(MS Word 格式) </p>
  <hr />
  <p><b>劃撥捐款</b></p>
  <p>郵政劃撥帳號：１９５３８８１１<br />
  戶名：財團法人西蓮教育基金會</p>
  <p>欲指定特殊用途者，請特別註明，我們會專款專用。</p>
  <hr />
  <p><b>線上信用卡 / PayPal 捐款</b></p>
  <p>PayPal 是一個跨國線上付款機制的公司，CBETA 引用其服務，提供網友能在線上使用信用卡或 PayPal 帳戶贊助 CBETA 。</p>
  <p>PayPal is an online system of a global payment solution. CBETA uses its service to provide the uses to donate by using the credit cards or PayPal account to support the CBETA project.</p>
  <p>相關收據開立事宜，由於付款幣別為美元，我們除了會依您所贊助之美元金額開立收據外，另我們會依捐款當日公告匯率開立台幣收據，此收據為國內正式合法報稅憑證。</p>
  <p>Since the donation made is in US currency, hence all the receipts will be issued in the US dollars consequently. However for the domestic donators, a Chinese official receipt will also be made according to the foreign exchange rate for the purpose of tax deduction.</p>
  <hr />
  <p><b>支票捐款</b></p>
  <p>支票抬頭請填寫「財團法人西蓮教育基金會」。</p>
  <p>CBETA is part of Seeland Educational projects, any donation (ex- cheques, remittance, etc.,) please entitle to &quot;The Seeland Education Foundation&quot;.</p>
  <hr />
</body>
</html>
